This is fimap alpha .08 - Enemy Unknown

New in this version:
  * Complete new engine which uses XML files inside the config folder.
  * Added a tiny but powerful exploit-mode plugin interface.          
  * Can scan and exploit windows servers!                             
  * Can scan and attack more than just PHP. Just create your own XML file for new languages!
  * Can use POST variables to scan and attack.                                              
  * Shell user will now be displayed in the fimap shell.                                    
  * Lots of small improvments. For example you can skip now single scans\attacks with CTRL+C when they are frozen for some reason.
  * Has a colorful-mode (-C) which makes it easier to read out infos quickly (Unix only)                                          
  * You can install trusted plugins now thru fimap (-I).                                                                          
  * You can update your definition XML files thru fimap (--update-def)                                                            
  * And as usual much more which isn't worth to mention.                                                                          

This version is still heavily for PHP only. But the system is ready to pwn them all.

Want to write a plugin? Just check out the tutorial on the homepage! It's really easy!

If you want fresh infos about updates feel free to follow: http://twitter.com/fimap

Please report all bugs you find directly at the project homepage.

Just to be clear - This tool is designed to improve the quality and security of YOUR website!
DO NOT USE IT FOR ILLEGAL STUFF! BE A GOOD INTERNET CITIZEN LIKE YOU ARE IN REALLIFE!

                                                              .